Add: pr-conventional-commit-labeler (#1062)
greenbone/actions: pr-conventional-commit-labeler/README.md

## Examples

As an example we define a configuration for labels as `release_tag.toml`:

```toml
# disables labeling when a PR contains the following label
disable_on = "no_release"

# the name functions as a key and should be unique.
# The priority is used when only_highest_priority is set to true
labels = [
  { name = "patch_release", priority = 1 },
  { name = "minor_release", priority = 2 },
  { name = "major_release", priority = 3 },
]

# group within groups must be defined in `changelog.toml`
# label within groups must be defined in `labels`
groups = [
  { group = "Added", label = "minor_release" },
  { group = "Changed", label = "major_release" },
  { group = "Removed", label = "major_release" },
  { group = "Bug Fix", label = "patch_release" },
]

# when set to false all unique labels will be set
# otherwise only one label with the highest priority
# will be set
only_highest_priority = true
```

```yml
name: Labeler

on:
  pull_request:

permissions:
  pull-requests: write
  contents: read

jobs:
  label:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
        - uses: greenbone/actions/pr-conventional-commit-labeler@main
          with:

>             configuration_toml: release_tag.toml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            configuration-toml: release_tag.toml
```

```

## Action Configuration

|Input Variable|Description| |
|--------------|-----------|-|
| token | GitHub token to add lebels to the pull request comments. | Optional (default is [`${{ github.token }}`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/contexts#github-context)) |
| python-version | Python version to use for running the action. | Optional (default is `3.10`) |
| poetry-version | Poetry version to use for running the action. | Optional (default is latest) |
| cache-poetry-installation | Cache poetry and its dependencies. | Optional (default is `"true"`) |

> | configuration_toml| Name of the configuration file, must be in root | Required  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| configuration-toml| Name of the configuration file, must be an absolute path or relative to `github.workspace` | Required  |
```

Author: The script does not support absolute paths just relative to `github.workspace`

Author: I changed it to 
>> | configuration-toml| Name of the configuration file, must be relative to `working_directoy` (`github.action_path`) | Required  |

> | configuration-toml| Name of the configuration file, must be relative to `github.working_directoy` | Required  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| configuration-toml| Name of the configuration file, must be relative to `github.workspace` | Required  |
```
